VensureHR can support and guide your business in every area of HR, from hire to retire. Full-service HR solutions tailored to your business needs Develop your talent while improving your company’s business performance Streamline the hiring process, identifying top talent and updating their status Let your new hires know they are welcome and valued Unleash the Power of Scalable HR Solutions. Simplify the complexity of payroll with our highly secure, integrated technology. Backed by a team of payroll experts, our services are designed to scale quickly and efficiently. Comprehensive business solutions you can count on Optimize your labor and control costs Unleash the Power of Scalable HR Solutions. Attract and retain talent with Fortune 500-level benefits options and administration Stay competitive in a demanding job market A single-source solution with experts to manage it all Affordable, alternative healthcare options for business owners and their employees Unique retirement saving options for businesses of all sizes Unleash the Power of Scalable HR Solutions. A-rated business coverage with reduced risks and rates thanks to our loss control team Identifying potential hazards in the workplace to mitigate physical and monetary losses Reduce your exposure, increase compliance, and achieve peace of mind Protect your business from common liabilities Employment practices liability insurance defends against employee claims Unleash the Power of Scalable HR Solutions. Gain a competitive edge when you work with our recruiting specialists. Our team has strategies for finding the best candidates for your business, manages the communication process, and conducts interviews, background checks, and training. Unleash the Power of Scalable HR Solutions. Dedicated to making your business life easier, Vensure works with you to craft solutions that make sense for your company. Businesses of all sizes benefit from working with our innovative business solutions and experienced professionals. Unleash the Power of Scalable HR Solutions. Powerful business solutions tailored to your specific needs. 1-50 Employees 51-200 Employees 200+ Employees Unleash the Power of Scalable HR Solutions. Working with VensureHR delivers more jobs, streamlined administration, and faster payments. Faster growth and flexible solutions for your staffing company operations Access profitable job opportunities and increase employee retention Unleash the Power of Scalable HR Solutions. We offer deep experience serving a range of dynamic industries Unleash the Power of Scalable HR Solutions. Explore our unique coverage choices, from identity theft protection to healthcare for furry friends. Find convenient telehealth solutions and empowering health tools, too. Unleash the Power of Scalable HR Solutions. Explore our unique coverage choices, from identity theft protection to healthcare for furry friends. Find convenient telehealth solutions and empowering health tools, too. Unleash the Power of Scalable HR Solutions. Streamline your business with flexible, modern technology that integrates seamlessly into your systems with round-the-clock service for payroll, HR, benefits administration, and more. Experience technology that’s reliable, adaptable, and secure in powering your business. Unleash the Power of Scalable HR Solutions. Experience a Strategic Relations model grounded in a relationship-based approach that delivers timely communication and response to your HR needs. We are a reliable partner, invested 100% in your success. Unleash the Power of Scalable HR Solutions. Dedicated to simplifying your business life, VensureHR works with you to design business solutions that make sense for your company. Our cost – effective, customized options are scalable too – we’re always ready to grow with you. Unleash the Power of Scalable HR Solutions. Stay competitive in a changing world. VensureHR marketplace-driven solutions offer unique benefits, cross-border solutions, and access to global talent, all aimed at fueling your success. Unleash the Power of Scalable HR Solutions. Unique coverage choices to make you an employer of choice Protect employees with a trusted cybersecurity safety net Care for employees’ four-legged or feathered family members Proactive lifestyle and wellness programs with professional help Individual life insurance made easier and more affordable than ever Unleash the Power of Scalable HR Solutions. To make it easy to stay on top of trending business topics and access up-to-date resources and support, we provide all the materials you need in one place. Unleash the Power of Scalable HR Solutions. Manage your workforce with industry insights, HR tips, and useful tools.   Read More Unleash the Power of Scalable HR Solutions. Learn the latest and greatest in HR with our free webinars.   Watch Now Unleash the Power of Scalable HR Solutions. The latest information on state and federal employment laws to keep your business compliant. Includes wage and tax regulations Unleash the Power of Scalable HR Solutions. Unleash the Power of Scalable HR Solutions. Keep your people and your business safe and healthy Curriculum and class schedules Curriculum and class schedules Unleash the Power of Scalable HR Solutions. We help small and medium-size businesses succeed by streamlining payroll and HR administration, managing worker benefits, and minimizing employer risks. Unleash the Power of Scalable HR Solutions. VensureHR teams with best-in-class service providers to help clients retain superior talent and grow anywhere in the world. A cloud-based automation platform that simplifies international HR processes Business process outsourcing conducted by dedicated nearshore professionals A managed accounting and bookkeeping resource powered by Spark AI Assisting Latino businesses in HR administration, payroll, and benefits​ Employer of Record and payroll management solutions for Canadian businesses Unleash the Power of Scalable HR Solutions. We coordinate with equity partners to serve every region of North America at the local level and address the unique compliance needs of specialized industries. Unleash the Power of Scalable HR Solutions. Discover the opportunities currently available at one of the nation’s fastest growing companies and find the perfect match for your skills and experience. Unleash the Power of Scalable HR Solutions. Stay current with the Vensure family and what’s happening in the industry. Learn what these developments mean for your business and how to put them to good use. Unleash the Power of Scalable HR Solutions. Find out how we can help you lower costs while improving operations and providing a better employee experience. Schedule a consultation now. Worksite employees, please use the Login above. Unleash the Power of Scalable HR Solutions.  Login   Request a call  Realizing Your Business Vision Just Got Easier We combine top-tier services with cutting-edge technology to deliver world-class HR processes and systems to free up your time to pursue your business vision.  Human (https://vensure.com/hr-services/overview/) Resources (https://vensure.com/hr-services/overview/)  Payroll (https://vensure.com/payroll-administration/overview/) Administration (https://vensure.com/payroll-administration/overview/)  Employee (https://vensure.com/employee-benefits/overview/) Benefits (https://vensure.com/employee-benefits/overview/)  Risk and (https://vensure.com/risk-and-compliance/overview/) Compliance (https://vensure.com/risk-and-compliance/overview/)  Talent (https://vensure.com/recruiting-services/) Recruiting (https://vensure.com/recruiting-services/) Uncover the HR Complexities Impacting Your Success. We understand the challenges that business owners face in effectively managing and sustaining a resilient workforce. To solve these challenges, we offer a customized assessment of your current HR systems and processes that identifies critical gaps that may impact your clients, profits, and overall well-being. The findings not only pinpoint alignment opportunities to meet your future goals, but they also help you navigate practical steps that are essential to drive your business toward success. And the best part? We offer this service free of charge. Understanding Our Process HR Solutions That Power Your Business's Success Benefits Compliance and Risk Exposure Business Processes Ready to modernize and scale your business? Amidst the constantly changing demands of the market, we continue to achieve the highest level of expertise by blending the right technology, services, and people. From HR regulations, tax rules, and technology, your business is guaranteed the guidance and support you need to efficiently navigate modern-day complexities.  How? Because with changing times, and changing needs, the need to transform HR and payroll with technology and solutions is critical. Whether it is HR administration, Payroll, Benefits, Compliance, Professional Employer Organization (PEO), Administrative Services Only (ASO), Employer of Record (EOR), or anything else that supports your employee management – we are here to help you navigate this journey. Since 2004, our mission has been to provide business owners with peace of mind. We serve over 11,000 businesses by processing $18.6 billion in payroll and support more than 526,000 worksite employees globally. We take you through that journey and help you experience how modernizing your HR processes and systems helps you scale!  Learn more about us  You The Client Expert-level Business Solutions Robust Fortune 100-Level Benefits Access to Key Business Data Through Technology 24/7 Live Support You The Client Expert-level Business Solutions Robust Fortune 100-Level Benefits Access to Key Business Data Through Technology 24/7 Live Support Your Gateway to Top-Tier Benefits We are here to help. Request a free, custom diagnostic for your business.  Contact Us  “I came to Vensure looking for help with payroll, but I’m staying with them because they gave me a custom solution that helped me in so many different ways.”  Client Stories  Terms Privacy CCPA Quick Sitemap   (https://www.facebook.com/Vensure) Facebook  (https://www.facebook.com/Vensure)  (https://www.facebook.com/Vensure)    (https://twitter.com/VensureHR) Icon-twitter-x  (https://twitter.com/VensureHR)  (https://twitter.com/VensureHR)    (https://www.linkedin.com/company/vensurehr/) Linkedin  (https://www.linkedin.com/company/vensurehr/)  (https://www.linkedin.com/company/vensurehr/)    (https://www.instagram.com/vensurehr/) Instagram  (https://www.instagram.com/vensurehr/)  (https://www.instagram.com/vensurehr/)    (https://www.youtube.com/c/Vensure) Youtube  (https://www.youtube.com/c/Vensure)  (https://www.youtube.com/c/Vensure)  Sign up for The Vensure Voice, our monthly updates newsletter.  Subscribe  SERVICES Human Resources Payroll Administration Employee Benefits Risk and Compliance Recruiting PEO Services COMPANY About Login Resources Client Center Careers Contact CHAT WITH US Sales:  800.941.8731 (tel:8009418731) 24/7 Live Support:  800.409.8958 (tel:8004098958)  Request a call  As the largest privately held, full-service HR technology and solutions provider in the nation, Vensure proudly services more than 3 million worksite employees and 90,000 small and mid-sized businesses (SMBs) across America and around the globe. Covering the spectrum of HR needs, VensureHR is a leader in providing payroll and healthcare benefits, HR support, workers’ compensation insurance through licensed carriers and more to SMBs nationwide.  Learn More  As the global recruiting and talent solutions expert, Solvo fulfills hiring needs and offers AI-powered business tools to enhance company performance.  Learn More  The leader of specialized technology among an ecosystem of HR service providers, PrismHR’s innovative platform sets the standard for payroll, benefits and related functions.  Learn More  Helping SMBs with critical HR functions, Namely offers stand-alone HCM technology that empowers in-house HR teams to manage payroll, benefits and employee engagement.  Learn More